Update README to include discussion of how changes impact deployment (#32)
GSA/catalog.data.gov: README.md

`requirements-freeze.txt` file. See [datagov-deploy](https://github.com/GSA/datagov-deploy)
for full configuration in live environments.

The live environment is different than the development environment in a number of ways,

> so it is important to recognize how changes made to the application need to be captured

Reviewer: ```suggestion
so it is important to capture these changes.
```

Author: Went with slightly different language :-)

> so that the application is deployed properly.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

Author: I kind of like leaving in the idea that the additional work is focused on the goal that the application is deployable.

- If you need to add or change a dependency, you should make that
  change in the `requirements/Pipfile`, run `make update-dependencies`
  and commit the changed files.  (See the section below on
  requirements for details.)  Good news: no other changes are required!
  
- If you need to add or remove a plugin, you will also need to update
  the plugin list in
  [datagov-deploy](https://github.com/GSA/datagov-deploy) Currently,

>   that means updating the value of `catalog_ckan_plugsin_default` in

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  that means updating the value of `catalog_ckan_plugins_default` in
```

Author: Fixed.

  `ansible/inventories/*/group_vars/catalog-web-next/vars.yml`
  
- If you need to add or change configuration that lives in the
  application *ini* file, you will also need to update the
  configuration file template in
  [datagov-deploy](https://github.com/GSA/datagov-deploy) Currently,
  this means modifying
  `ansible/roles/software/ckan/catalog/ckan-app/templates/catalog-next/etc_ckan_production_ini.j2`.
  
- If you find you need to modify the `ckan/Dockerfile` to add OS

>   packages or install software, other changes may be needed to be made

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  packages or install software, other changes may need to be made
```

Author: Fixed.
